c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\CMSWebForms.dll.config
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\CMSWebForms.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\CMSWebForms.pdb
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\obj\Debug\CMSWebForms.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\obj\Debug\CMSWebForms.dll
c:\users\dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\obj\Debug\CMSWebForms.pdb
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Authorization.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Http.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Routing.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.MemoryPool.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Http.Features.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.OptionsModel.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.Core.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Dwight\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CMSWebForms\CMSWebForms\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
